{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red240\green26\blue40;\red36\green55\blue240;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19780\viewh22500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
\
I would like to be considered for the Assistant Professor of Graphic Design position at Delta State University\cf2 (Never Abbreviate in CL)\cf0 . Teaching as an adjunct lecturer at Mississippi State was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life, and would like to continue that opportunity at Delta State. Another positive aspect of the position being Rosedale, MS is my hometown. I have been looking for the opportunity to return to the \cf2 great(?)\cf0  Mississippi Delta to be closer to family and get "\cf2 back to the bucolic Delta lifestyle" You can say this but it sounds a bit forced.  I would maybe talk about the landscape or the music since those are things that you really do miss and haven't shit the proverbial bed in the last 25 yrs. Like " \'85back to the seas of deep green beans that stretch off to the horizon and beyond. " You could even make a joke about the mountains making you nervous. Delta kid needs it flat. Or if you are going to go with bucolic- whats bucolic about it? Specifics Bob. Maybe its as simples as saying you are tired of living places where people don't bother to learn your name. You want a home, and the Delta was the last real one you knew as a kid. \cf0 \
\
While teaching at MSU,  I also created a new course curriculum for Introduction to Computing for Graphic Designers, which was adopted by faculty at MSU, as well as Louisiana Tech University and Keene State College. Teaching at a university level forced me to constantly seek out new design and development styles. It was a recursive loop whereby the ambition of the students inspired me to perpetually work to achieve something greater, which inevitably made me push the students to a higher level. I believe this is why my student evaluation score was one of the top in the Art Department. Another major responsibility I assumed at MSU was also to upgrade and maintain the Design Lab. I worked with our IT department and lab monitors to manage and properly license new equipment for students so they would have greater experience with current technology in the design field.\cf2  (This paragraph is very dense and begins to read like a teaching statement not a cover letter. so I started chopping...)\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
My education and experience in higher education, as well as, the professional field, provide the qualifications desired to excel as a graphic design professor at DSU. My graduate degree, although a Masters of Science, is concentrated in Electronic Visualization, and is based solely around design fundamentals, such as rendering two-dimensional design in three-dimensional space, or using adaptive video to change a viewers perception of space and composition.  From a technical standpoint, this too, along with nearly 8 years in the web design field and 4(?) years of teaching experience , allow me to feel certain I could fulfill the responsibilities outlined in the position.(redundancy?)\cf0  I have been working as a designer since graduation in 2008 using tools of the trade, such as Mac OS, Adobe Creative Suite and the latest web development tools. A major focus of my professional work has centered around web design, especially UI/UX and more recently responsive design. I am currently the lead developer at University of Tennessee tasked with creating and managing the new development rollout for utk.edu. This, along with my experience at School of Visual Arts (SVA) in NYC, designing, developing, and managing sva.edu sites, and work with non-profits like NYC based Art in Odd Places, has provided considerable knowledge of how to succeed, and often adapt in the professional design field. \
\
The chance to be back home, working at Delta State would be a wonderful opportunity. My work in Mississippi, as well as NYC and Italy (\cf2 You never said anything about Italy before this\'85seems random)\cf0 , bring a unique perspective to my teaching aesthetic, and I enthusiastically believe I would be a great fit with the current design and art  faculty at Delta State.\cf2  I can be reached at 662. 255.2884 or at carey@Careyestes.com. I look forward to hearing back from you about this wonderful opportunity.\
\
You should drop the Webby bomb in the last paragraph }